- Welcome to this course on Spring Data.
The spring project for data store access.
I'm Mary Ellen Bowman and I'll be leading you through
this deep dive into Spring Data.
Coding to databases can be tedious.
It's often requiring repetitive, boilerplate code
which is difficult to maintain, refactor, and debug.
Upgrading applications to a different kind of data store
typically results in massive code rewrites
and developer reeducation.
Spring Data addresses these issues
by eliminating boilerplate code
and abstracting data store interactions
into a common repository API.
We'll begin with an overview of the
Spring Data umbrella project
and I'll walk you through some examples
that use Spring Data JPA and Spring Data MongoDB
and then look at other supported data store modules.
We'll cover query methods and explore cool features.
Such as Spring Data rest, query DSL and auditing.
Let's dive in.